Edits (#2)
krishnangovindraj/typedb-docs: new_core_concepts/modules/ROOT/pages/typeql/entities-relations-attributes.adoc

attribute age, value integer;
----

> Most databases just have value types and no additional layer wrapping them into new types. The advantage is that there may be many different meanings of a value type in different contexts. For example, sometimes an `integer` represents an `age`, but in other cases it could be a `salary`. Attribute types allow us to convey distinct meaning and intent to users and the database, and utilize subtyping to build nuanced hierarchies.

Reviewer: Unsure how true or relevant this is. The column name is an indicator of the attribute type in SQL.
What's missing is that the query-language is not strongly-typed.
I'm also going to avoid claims in the middle of core-concepts unless they're directly demonstrated afterwards.

The `relates` keyword is used to define the new role-type interface.
The `plays` keyword is used to implement a role-type interface.

> The same principle applies for `owns`. This compositional approach of playing and owning roles and attribute types can also be viewed as a kind of structural polymorphism.

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence.

=== Subtyping
TypeDB follows a single-inheritance *subtyping* system which allows types to specialize an existing type.

> The subtype "inherits" all owns or plays implementations from its supertype. Relation subtypes also inherit role declarations from their supertypes.

Reviewer: I'll probably revert this because:
1. It's not relevant to polymorphism
2. It's wedged in between the cause -> effect of "inheriting roles --enables--> Liskov substitution"

> As with any subtyping, this means an instance of a subtype may be used anywhere an instance of its super-type is expected.

Reviewer: This is just vague enough for a user reading this to think 
`person owns name; first-name sub name;` -> `person owns first-name`

    relates author as subject;
----

> Specialization also disallows data from expressing the parent role in child relation instances. In other words, there will be no data where players play the role `interaction:content` in `content-engagement` relations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further, the specialized role is removed from the relation type's interfaces - Instances can no longer play the `interaction:content`role in `content-engagement`relations.
```

__Advanced explanation:__

A role specialization is equivalent to the following pseudo-typeql:

[,typeql]
----
define
  role interaction:subject;

  # 1. create a sub-role
  role content-engagement:author, sub interaction:subject;

  relation interaction @abstract,
    relates interaction:subject;

  relation content-engagment @abstract,
    sub interaction,

    # 2. Prevent data from using the parent role in combination with the child relation type
    relates interaction:content @abstract,
    relates content-engagement:author;

> ----

Reviewer: This is a nice explanation, but it also undoes the distinction we've created between the Database types & the interface types. I'm not sure we should do that here, especially titling it "Advanced explanation" if it's more of an analogy than an explanation.

> An attribute type also inherits and implicitly specialises the interface of its supertype.

Reviewer: This is a little out of place if it's not a note.
